

## The Park #
</br>
Welcome to the Intelligent Devices Retirement Preserve Visitors Center here in Linz, Austria. Here you can learn all about our past smart device co-workers, the lives they led, what they are doing with their retirement, and where to find them. While visiting the preserve be sure to visit the various devices and to witness the (un) Natural Wonders they are making. For example the great wall mounds that Box Unloader makes out of various found materials, or on rare sightings the mounds made of other smart devices. Not all devices are retired, and some of them do not want to be disturbed so please be respectful of their privacy and wishes, and give them the respect they deserve. The park signs contain information on where you are most likely to see the devices, how active they are, current travel routes, work history, as well as the possible (un) Natural Wonders, park boundaries, and service locations. When possible visit the other locations of the park in Berlin, Germany, Como, Italy, and Los Angeles, California.

</br></br>

## Futures of Artificial Intelligence #
</br>
Artificial intelligence will be implemented more and more into the daily aspects of the labor industry, both in industrial and non-industrial jobs. Industrial jobs are defined as jobs that would normally be described as blue collar, and non-industrial jobs as ones that would be normally described as white collar. It is important to describe them as such, because as the workforce starts to incorporate artificial intelligence into labor the definition of “blue collar” and “white collar” will change. This change will be much like how labor changed during the industrial revolution.The change might not be as significant, but it will definitely be impactful. Jobs like programing, once seen as white collar, will more then likely be split, or completely become blue collar.[2] As this shift happens artificial intelligence will obviously advance, becoming, more intelligent and capable of greater and broader tasks and jobs. With this advancement the functionality of a job’s day to day routines will start to shift, and it’s more likely, or possible, that the algorithm will become more of a co-worker embodied within a device, which also could be seen as a co-worker depending on the relationship the worker has with the device in the task being carried out. In this likely future, especially with industrial jobs, workers that once did things manually or with the help of devices, would more than likely have to start to program, and fix more engineering based issues for the device on the floor. This is already evident at [1] where workers are working with cobots, robots that work alongside workers that are using them, to eliminate the need for the worker to make repetitive motions that the job requires, which normally have led to work related injuries. Instead the workers are being trained, not replaced, to work alongside the cobots, how to instruct them, and how to program. That way if something goes wrong with, or something breaks on, their “coworker”, they know how to fix it.

</br></br>

## Importance of the Park #
</br>
Intelligent Devices Retirement Preserve explores what life would be like for artificial intelligence algorithms, and the devices that they embody, if they had a choice to retire and do whatever they wanted. By envisioning and illustrating the outcomes of their retirement, it presents the question to the viewer: do intelligent devices and the algorithms they run off of deserve down time to themselves or should they work until they are no longer serviceable? If the device is decommissioned do we then move the algorithm and its knowledge to a new device. And what happens, or what do we do, when the algorithm is out of date. Is there some form of archive or place for it to live its life, or do we just delete it and let it vanish?
Exploring these questions aims not to anthropomorphize smart devices, but instead get the viewer to think past the norm of how people currently see robots and algorithms, proposing a future where we care for, and even grant humanhood to, devices and acknowledge them as colleges rather than objects. This relationship has already been reported in companies that use cobots, and train their employees to work with and service the devices they work with.[1] This does not mean that the devices have feelings or emotions, but it puts into question the care and ethics that we consider when looking at the quality of life for the device.

</br></br>

Intelligent Devices Retirement Preserve invites viewers to think past the typical issues regarding sentience, and smart devices taking over jobs, by depicting the retirement of devices with a tongue to cheek attitude. An example of this is the depiction of the (un) Natural Wonders that some devices create in their retirement. These far-fetched examples or what a device and its algorithm are capable allude to why they might be entitled to a little down time rather than be forced to work from creation to decommission. The intention behind depicting the more plausible to the absurd is to point out to both the general public, but more importantly the scientific community that are developing, engineering, and experimenting with artificial intelligence, that these questions need to be asked, considered, and planned for, and to start to take these ideas into account when working in the future of artificial intelligence. If the ethical treatment of artificial intelligence is not taken into consideration at the outset, the repercussions could become significant or even dangerous issues when creating the future iterations of artificial intelligence.
